    These functions return the number of characters printed (not including
     the trailing `\0' used to end output to strings) or a negative value if
     an output error occurs

After the %, the following appear
     in sequence:

     #          The value should be converted to an ``alternate form''.
                For c, d, i,  p, s, and u conversions,this option has no effect. 
                For x and X conversions, a non-zero result 
                has the string `0x' (or `0X' for X conversions) prepended to it. 

   0' (zero)   Zero padding.  For all conversions except n, the con-verted converted
                      verted value is padded on the left with zeros rather
                      than blanks.  If a precision is given with a numeric
                      conversion (d, i, o, u, i, x, and X), the 0 flag is
                      ignored.

`-'          A negative field width flag; the converted value is to
                      be left adjusted on the field boundary.  Except for n
                      conversions, the converted value is padded on the right
                      with blanks, rather than on the left with blanks or
                      zeros.  A - overrides a 0 if both are given.

 ` ' (space)  A blank should be left before a positive number produced
                      by a signed conversion (a, A, d, e, E, f, F, g, G, or
                      i).

`+'          A sign must always be placed before a number produced by
                      a signed conversion.  A + overrides a space if both are
                      used.

An optional decimal digit string specifying a minimum field width.
         If the converted value has fewer characters than the field width, it
         will be padded with spaces on the left (or right, if the left-adjust-ment left-adjustment
         ment flag has been given) to fill out the field width.

An optional precision, in the form of a period . followed by an
         optional digit string.  If the digit string is omitted, the precision
         is taken as zero.  This gives the minimum number of digits to appear
         for d, i, o, u, x, and X conversions, the number of digits to appear
         after the decimal-point for a, A, e, E, f, and F conversions, the
         maximum number of significant digits for g and G conversions, or the
         maximum number of characters to be printed from a string for s con-versions. conversions.
         versions.


     c       The int argument is converted to an unsigned char, and the
             resulting character is written.    
     s       The char * argument is expected to be a pointer to an array of
             character type (pointer to a string).  Characters from the array
             are written up to (but not including) a terminating NUL charac-ter; character;
             ter; if a precision is specified, no more than the number speci-fied specified
             fied are written.  If a precision is given, no null character
             need be present; if the precision is not specified, or is greater
             than the size of the array, the array must contain a terminating
             NUL character.



flag

#       0       -       ' '     '+'

width

precision

specifier